OSDOCS-2477: Adds prerequisite step to updating cluster (#36225)
openshift/openshift-docs: updating/updating-cluster.adoc

* If your cluster uses manually maintained credentials, ensure that the Cloud Credential Operator (CCO) is in an upgradeable state. For more information, see _Upgrading clusters with manually maintained credentials_ for xref:../installing/installing_aws/manually-creating-iam.adoc#manually-maintained-credentials-upgrade_manually-creating-iam-aws[AWS], xref:../installing/installing_azure/manually-creating-iam-azure.adoc#manually-maintained-credentials-upgrade_manually-creating-iam-azure[Azure], or xref:../installing/installing_gcp/manually-creating-iam-gcp.adoc#manually-maintained-credentials-upgrade_manually-creating-iam-gcp[GCP].
* If your cluster uses manually maintained credentials with the AWS Secure Token Service (STS), obtain a copy of the `ccoctl` utility from the release image being upgraded to and use it to process any updated credentials. For more information, see xref:../authentication/managing_cloud_provider_credentials/cco-mode-sts.adoc#sts-mode-upgrading[_Upgrading an OpenShift Container Platform cluster configured for manual mode with STS_].

> * Ensure you address all Upgradeable=False conditions so the cluster will allow an upgrade to the next minor version. You can run the command `oc adm upgrade` for an output of all Upgradeable=False conditions and the condition reasoning to help you prepare for a minor version upgrade.

Reviewer: This looks fine to me, but the admin console also displays these. As written this will work too but I don't know if we want to split the context between the cli upgrade and the admin console upgrade.

Reviewer: https://github.com/openshift/console/pull/9329 illustrates how the admin console shows these in case you don't have a 4.9 cluster in front of you to look at

Author: @rhamilto Where is this displayed? Is it the banner that is at the top of the page?

Reviewer 2: @opayne1 It's an alert at the top of the Administration -> Cluster Settings page.

Author: @spadgett @sdodson I watched the sprint demo of this as well. Am I making sense of this correctly?

```suggestion
Ensure you address all Upgradeable=False conditions so the cluster will allow an upgrade to the next minor version. An alert will display at the top of the *Cluster Settings* page when you have one or more ClusterOperators that can not be upgraded. You will still be able to upgrade to the next available patch update for the minor release you are currently on. 
```

Reviewer: @opayne1 yeah that sounds good to me.

> * Ensure that you address all `Upgradeable=False` conditions so the cluster will allow an upgrade to the next minor version. An alert displays at the top of the *Cluster Settings* page when you have one or more cluster Operators that can not be upgraded. You can still upgrade to the next available patch update for the minor release you are currently on. 

Reviewer 3: s/ will allow/ allows

Reviewer 3: cannot

> * Ensure you address all Upgradeable=False conditions so the cluster will allow an upgrade to the next minor version. An alert will display at the top of the *Cluster Settings* page when you have one or more ClusterOperators that can not be upgraded. You will still be able to upgrade to the next available patch update for the minor release you are currently on. 

Reviewer 4: Same comments from the above file (where applicable), plus:

* An alert will display -> An alert displays
* ClusterOperators -> cluster Operators
* can not -> cannot
* Reword "You will still be able to" to get rid of the future tense. Maybe "You can still"?
